First pass at converting Project Athena -> Vircadia. (#30)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/release-notes/v80.md

### Avatars

> * The High Fidelity Avatar Exporter for Unity has been updated to notify you of texture and file errors you may encounter while using the tool. Download the updated exporter here: [https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/tree/kasen/core/tools/unity-avatar-exporter](https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/tree/kasen/core/tools/unity-avatar-exporter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Vircadia Avatar Exporter for Unity has been updated to notify you of texture and file errors you may encounter while using the tool. Download the updated exporter here: [https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/tree/kasen/core/tools/unity-avatar-exporter](https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/tree/kasen/core/tools/unity-avatar-exporter)
```
